VTT has decades of experience of
working with major cellular network, –
device and component manufacturers.
Enhancing the reliability and efficiency of
telecommunication systems are our top priorities.
Our offering includes 5G and
beyond networks, cybersecurity, –
connectivity solutions for autonomous and
IoT systems, and satellite communications.
Network resource sufficiency
is one of our central themes.
End-to-end optimisation of network
resources, improving the quality of services –
in different vertical use cases and enabling
secure and trusted communications –
are our main research
and development targets.
Our research methods include future
concept and technology development, –
analytical and simulation-based research
and the practical implementation –
of proof-of-concept and
pre-commercial prototypes.
We carry out joint funded and
direct contract research –
and development for our customers, –
and act also as a subcontractor
for industry in large R&D projects.
We have a unique test network platform
for proof-of-concept showcasing, –
private network studies and
for supporting R&D projects.
Serving fields ranging from
defence and public safety –
to maritime, traffic and arctic solutions, –
our industrial verticals offering
includes e.g. positioning solutions, –
AI/ML deployment for ICT processes, IoT
connectivity and industrial network solutions.
Our cyber security portfolio includes security
solutions for communication networks, –
industrial systems and devices and
services, along with applied cryptography, –
AI and risk management solutions.
Our services include testing for
vulnerabilities and performance –
and helping our customers to
build more robust solutions.
Guiding you towards the smart
networks and services of the future, –
we can help you with all your R&D,
testing,  qualification, –
and IPR business needs.